[docs] Add more guidance on `products` metadata (#1836)
elastic/docs-builder: docs/syntax/frontmatter.md

## Products

The products frontmatter is a list of products that the page relates to.

:::{include} /_snippets/products-list.md
:::

`products` can also be defined in the [`docset.yml` file](/configure/content-set/navigation.md#products).
If you define `products` in a page's Markdown file and the `docset.yml` file also includes `products`, docs-builder will combine the two lists.

> You can _not_ override doc set level `products` at the page level.

Reviewer: Since this seems to be repeated, shall we add it to the include?

Author: The general idea is repeated, but the content is not identical: one is on the frontmatter page calling out that it's also possible to define products in the `docset.yml` file and the other in on the navigation page calling out that it's also possible to define in the frontmatter.

:::{tip}

> `products` is distinct from `applies_to`, which is used to indicate feature availability and applicability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of the `products` field is different from `applies_to`: the former provides metadata to search engines, while the latter indicates feature availability and applicability.
```

> The purpose of the `products` field is different from `applies_to`: the former provides metadata to search engines, while the latter indicates feature availability and applicability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The purpose of the `products` field is different from `applies_to`: the former provides metadata to elastic.co search engines, while the latter indicates feature availability and applicability.
```
This is just about our own searches, isn't it?

% Is this true?
For example, while a page might contain content that is _applicable_ to Elastic Cloud Serverless projects,
it might not be _about_ Elastic Cloud Serverless. In that case, you would include the `serverless` key in `applies_to`,

> but _not_ include the `cloud-serverless` ID in `products`:

Reviewer: Could we perhaps replace this with a small table of When to use vs When not to use?

Reviewer 3: This makes sense.

But the original reason was that `products` are only used for the search.elastic.co filters. At the time of implementation, we did not know how `applies_to` and `products` relate to.

Not sure if we even know this today. (this statement is actually a good explanation) But yes, there were ongoing discussions that they are similar. same same but different.

Reviewer: @colleenmcginnis Examples, I would say. Just a suggestion though, this is not blocking the PR.

Reviewer 2: This is a tricky example. I would add the corresponding product(s) in all cases.

Meaning that "A page with content that applies to Elastic Cloud Serverless should also be identified with the "cloud-serverless" product ID", to be searchable as such using the elastic.co search. I think this is true in most cases. If the content applies to "Stack", then you'd want product ids to identify which stack components are relevant here, etc.

Reviewer 4: > Meaning that "A page with content that applies to Elastic Cloud Serverless should also be identified with the "cloud-serverless" product ID", to be searchable as such using the elastic.co search. 

In that case wouldn't we want that to be derived automatically from the `applies_to` at some point, rather than requiring the duplication? Then the `products` would only need to include the level of product detail (components of the stack, etc) that aren't covered in the other metadata

Reviewer 2: But overall this seems logical, if we mark content as applicable to a context, why wouldn't we allow users to find that content when selecting that context through facets?

Author: I just removed this for now. We'll have to revisit it as a part of the cumulative docs initiative.
